feat: Promote labs Toast to Main (#2044)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/react/toast/README.md

# Canvas Kit Toast

View the

> [documentation for Toast](https://workday.github.io/canvas-kit/?path=/docs/labs-toast-react--basic)

Author: ```suggestion
[documentation for Toast](https://workday.github.io/canvas-kit/?path=/docs/components-popups-toast-react--with-popper#canvas-kit-toast)
```
